content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests are focused on animal spatial ecology, human-widlife interactions, and applied research that informs wildlife conservation.
education:
  courses:
  - course: Masters of Science in Wildlife Biology
    institution: University of Montana
    year: (2020 - Current)
  - course: Bachelor of Science in Fisheries and Wildlife
    institution: Michigan State University
    year: 2018
email: ""
interests:
- Animal Resource Selection
- Movement Ecology 
- Predator-Prey Interactions
- Human-Widlife Conflict
organizations:
- name: Boone and Crockett Wildlife Conservation Program, University of Montana
  url: ""
role: MSc Student
social:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/WaldoOrtizCalo
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=cEnjzGwAAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: researchgate
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Waldemar_Ortiz-Calo
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/WaldemarOrtizCalo
superuser: true
title: Waldemar Ortiz-Calo
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

My name is Waldemar Ortiz-Calo and I am from Carolina, Puerto Rico. My research interests lie within the intersection of theoretical and applied ecology. Currently, my graduate research is focused on exploring the impacts of inter-individual variation in White-tailed deer spatial ecology. My work will evaluate these impacts across multiple spatio-temporal scales and evaluate the role of resource availability on the expression of inter-individual variation.

Commit message:

changed biography and added linkedin link.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- admin
bio: My research interests are focused on animal spatial ecology, human-widlife interactions, and applied research that informs wildlife conservation.
education:
  courses:
  - course: Masters of Science in Wildlife Biology
    institution: University of Montana
    year: (2020 - Current)
  - course: Bachelor of Science in Fisheries and Wildlife
    institution: Michigan State University
    year: 2018
email: ""
interests:
- Geospatial Analyses
- Predictive Modeling
- Bayesian Frameworks
- Machine Learning Applications
organizations:
- name: Boone and Crockett Wildlife Conservation Program, University of Montana
  url: ""
role: MSc Student
social:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/WaldoOrtizCalo
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=cEnjzGwAAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: researchgate
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Waldemar_Ortiz-Calo
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/WaldemarOrtizCalo
- icon: linkedin
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/waldemarortiz/
superuser: true
title: Waldemar Ortiz-Calo
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

I am a passionate and highly skilled Data Scientist and Geospatial Analyst with a strong background in extracting valuable insights from complex datasets. With a focus on leveraging large datasets to drive informed decision-making, I have consistently delivered impactful solutions to a wide range of industries and organizations.

My expertise lies in applying advanced analytics techniques, enabling the extraction of actionable intelligence, and generating meaningful visualizations. I am well-versed in utilizing state-of-the-art tools and technologies, such as Python, R, SQL, and GIS software, to process and analyze large-scale datasets efficiently.

Throughout my career, I have successfully tackled diverse challenges, including spatial data modeling, predictive modeling, Bayesian analysis, and spatial optimization. By employing statistical analysis and data visualization techniques, I have developed robust models that have helped clients make data-driven decisions and optimize their operations.

Let's connect and explore ways to create impactful data-driven solutions together.
